Ali
Still struggling
Just started today
They paid me well when I was alive
I have to work hard
Nice drawing
In a few days, I will ask the general manager of the facility
Director of your design department
All right.
Put it away and put the rice down
Let's eat first
Overbearing President
I just love watching you brag
Brother Mo, I've done it all
At my current salary level
Up to three years
We can have our own little house
Why a small house?
You don't like big houses?
Yeah, I like little houses.
I like to work part-time, I was born to suffer
Where did I say it wrong?
This fish soup feels pretty good
Come and taste your taste
Yeah, it's delicious.
Why do you just drink soup and not eat vegetables?
I'm waiting for you to feed me.
What nonsense are you talking about?
You, you, if you dare to disobey
I won't support you
Oh.
I'm so sleepy. I can't keep my eyes open.
Can't open
Are you inviting me?